[docs] Add information and command to access Deckhouse controller in HA mode (#8668)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

   The output of the command should be empty.

### How do I get access to Deckhouse controller in multimaster cluster?

> In clusters with multiple master nodes, Deckhouse runs in high availability mode. This is why you have to use the following command to access the Deckhouse controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In clusters with multiple master nodes Deckhouse runs in high availability mode (in several instances). To access the active Deckhouse controller, you can use the following command (as an example of the command `deckhouse-controller queue list`):
```

```shell
kubectl -n d8-system exec -it $(kubectl -n d8-system get leases.coordination.k8s.io deckhouse-leader-election -o jsonpath='{.spec.holderIdentity}' | awk -F'.' '{ print $1 }') -c deckhouse -- deckhouse-controller queue list
```

> 
> > In the example above, the `queue list` command lists the Deckhouse queue. It is used for illustrative purposes only. You can replace it with any command you need.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
